The Joe Rogan.
Experience. I agree with the principle communicate battle of ideas,
marketplace of ideas, very,
very big ideas we all want to hear about and what are the best ideas and let's
rank the ideas.
There are people whose views are so extreme that you can't really bring them
to the table as reasonable negotiating partners for figuring something out,
right? Like.
Richard Spencer. Sure.
Or, or even, I mean, okay. Imagine Farrah Khan, uh, Louis Farrakhan,
who I've spoken out about, uh, many times,
imagine that we want to figure out what the tax rate should be.
Something that politicians have to do all the time.
If you have a group of people who believe that we need a 25% flat tax and a
group of people who want, you know,
like an escalating progressive tax that gets as high as 70% on income,
over 10 million, whatever, right? Like Philadel all,
then all those people are going to be able to have a conversation.
If someone comes in who says any taxes that the government collects are a
form of slavery,
how do you integrate that into the conversation about how to set tax rates?
Hmm. You can't right. Yeah.
So all of this stuff, you know, there's this new movement now,
which I think is great about long form conversations going in
depth, figuring out what our disagreements are like I'm for all of it.
I'm absolutely for all of it. I think you could do it. I do it.
I do it in short. Okay. But where I do think that there's like a lack of,
of pragmatic reality to it is some people's ideas are so extreme that
they can't in any sensible way,
be incorporated into an actual good faith discussion of how society should be
organized.
The problem with having conversations and scale. Right?
And that's the problem with Twitter and with YouTube that you're dealing with
millions and millions and millions of human beings.
And when you have that broad spectrum of humans,
you're going to have people on the far ends of both sides.
And at a certain point there,
a decision has to be made about who actually gets to participate in the
decision-making conversations. Right.
It's great for everybody to have a voice on taxation on Twitter.
But imagine if there was a significant portion of the,
of our elected officials who straight up think taxes are slavery,
like I just don't know how that becomes integrated into a decision about tax
policy.
Right. Um,
I think that the argument would be that bad ideas should be
combated with good ideas, not with silencing someone.
And that when you do silence, someone,
you just sort of create this blockade where the idea of builds up behind it.
And then the opposition to your perspective builds up.
And then people start picking teams and picking sides. And,
and I honestly think that that's something that's going to be going on right now
with the soul Crowder Crowder Vox thing.
I think people are going to pick sides and they love it.
People love a good conflict to get into.
There's a lot of people in the cubicles right now that are weighing in and
firing up and there's people that want to dox them again.
And these people want to infiltrate his Facebook and his Twitter.
That's what people do. Yeah. And you're dealing with, I mean,
what does Crowder have 3.5, 3.8 million, something like that.
And I think what you have to also remember is it's not just the reactions that
are, uh, sort of like tailored to continue the escalation. I mean,
in the end, maybe Crowder personally in his personal life does refer to people.
He perceives to be gay or who are gay as queers. I don't know. I don't,
or he uses the word. I have no idea. Well, he didn't use.
That word. The.
T-shirt has yet.
It's a goof. It's actually, as a fig, it doesn't have an asterisk.
The O the a, a is a fig it's for figs. It's the idea.
It's an, I got it. But it's a goofy joke. Fair.
My point is, um, I don't know, you know,
any sensible person who lives in the west and has access to media like Steven
Crowder or whoever knows that the use of that language
has a very specific path that,
and set of reactions that it's going to trigger.
So specifically the, that shirt, the shirt.
And referring to Carlos Mazda as a Mexican or whatever,
whatever the phrase.
See that, that's a weird one. W the one is a weird one,
because it's what it's with LBGTQ. Like what is like, here's a good one,
right? National association for the advancement of colored people. Okay. NAACP,
you can't call people.
Sure. But that organization was named a long time ago, and it's,
it's more acronyms than anything else at this point.
You Sam, but it's not right. You both,
we both know what the acronym with the individual letters or, um,
words in that acronym are.
I think the word is not a derogatory word.
But it is, or it can not be depending on how you go.
You. Yeah. Right.
Sure. I mean, listen, it's the same way with Jew, right?
If I'm at a family thing and it's a bunch of Jews or whatever,
that's a word that can be used in a way that if someone shows up,
if Richard Spencer shows up or one of his followers and goes to a bar mitzvah
and talks about this room full of Jews, the word is the same word.
Yes. We're talking about two very different things.
That's a good point.
But should he be allowed to say this room full of Jews allowed?
I mean, it's not illegal.
No, it's not illegal. It's allowed. Right. He is allowed,
but where does it like this room full of w where does he get toxic?
Well,
if Richard Spencer shows up at a bar mitzvah and yells about this room full of
Jews, I think it's gotten toxic. Yeah.
That's a good subject to break this stalemate of this subject, not stalemate,
but just, you know, sorta end this antisemitism. Right.
It seems to be ridiculously on the rise. And that that's stunning to me,
that shocked me when I lie because of the internet,
the internet sort of expose anti-Semitism that I didn't necessarily know existed
at the levels that it existed at. I knew there was antisemites,
but I didn't even know there were so brazen and over.
They've gotten brazen since January of 2017. Oh, okay.
I don't know that Donald Trump has created antisemites.
In fact, he probably hasn't, well, his son-in-law's Jewish, son-in-law's Jewish,
his daughter converted to Judaism, et cetera. Uh,
but I think that Richard Spencer told me,
we know that Trump is not literally a white nationalist who is going to talk
about let's take control back from the Jews,
but we see him as the closest thing to what we would like.
He talks about people from Mexico.
He talks about countries, et cetera. Um,
so it's just emboldened the movement. It doesn't necessarily create.
Right.
But people from Mexico and countries that doesn't necessarily really equate with
Israel.
No. Well, antisemitism in Israel also are two totally separate things. I mean,
used to be against,
you could be against the current Israeli administration as I am like Benjamin
Netanyahu and still call out anti-Semitism against Jews in the United States,
for example, or whatever. I see what you're saying.
It doesn't one is not directly linked to the other,
but if you're a group that already has these views,
and then you see a guy who opens his campaign, talking about, um,
they're sending rapists and criminals, but some I'm sure are good people.
And I don't want people coming here from countries. What about Norwegians?
Whatever. Right. It's a signal, it's a signal.
And I've spoken to former KKK people.
Some of whom are really interesting people to talk to.
And they know exactly why it's appealing because they see the
signals and the vocabulary and the dog whistling.
So I think it's just brought it out into the forefront.
I don't know that new anti-Semitism has necessarily been generated.
Although it being in the forefront probably does start to get some people kind
of curious, like, oh, maybe all the problems are because of the Jews.
I don't know. Hmm.
It's just a, I guess they find groups of like-minded folks and they,
they join along. Right. Is that.
The antisemites? Yeah. They.
Find them online and then you can stumble into it where you ordinarily wouldn't
be around people that are having those discussions.
That can happen.
And a lot of the people that I've talked to that got into those beliefs,
and then out of them said that they got in,
usually on a community level,
there was something about the community that was appealing to the gangs gangs,
or in the case of, you know, KKK and white supremacy, people that, um,
had a bad home situation.
And they found a group that would accept them partially.
They would accept them because they were white. Right. Um,
and then they got pulled into the beliefs and eventually they,
they sorta got out of them. Yeah.
It's just, uh, so you think the rise of it in 2017,
there's more anti-Semitism or you think it's more or overt?
I believe it's moreover, because Trump was the president. Yeah.
Hmm. And, you know, groups that track these, uh,
incidents like the Anti-Defamation league and others,
they have the data and there have been increases. Mm.
Yeah. It's, it's stunning to me, you know, you, you see it online,
so many different places now,
and I just don't remember seeing it before or not like that.
Not that you'd run into it so often are people calling people design is shells.
Yeah. I mean, that's an important thing to talk about. I mean,
people call me that all the time and, um, you know,
I feel like that is an issue where I try to speak. I mean,
she'll, to me suggests that you're saying one thing,
but with some kind of other agenda that you're trying to push in some way,
in other words, you are,
you are being in some way deceptive about your actual intentions in what you
say. So I think when people call me design is shell.
What they mean is I'm talking about one thing with the
secret goal or below the surface goal of actually promoting some
action by the state of Israel. I think that's the idea of a shill.
Um, but you know, I mean, I,
I I'm opposed to the current prime minister in Israel, uh,
I've made clear that is in trouble right now. Uh, yeah. I mean,
he's been in tentative trouble for a long time. His wife is in trouble as well,
I believe. Um, but that, I mean, the problem is,
and I know that there are people on the left and right.
That when I say this will, I mean,
I'm going to get crushed from what I'm about to say.
Sometimes when someone says Zionist shill,
it's related to your view on the Israeli Palestinian conflict.
Sometimes when someone's has sinus shell,
it's cover for just wanting to insult someone for being Jewish or antisemitism,
you got to look at every instance one by one.
And sometimes people just like saying things too.
Yeah. Yeah. It's a popular thing to say, especially if they find.
Out that you're Jewish. Absolutely. It's like a thing.